/Viperfish (Chauliodus sloani);
Lives at about 2,500 meters deep in the oceans. Its length is from 20 to 35 cm. It has the largest tooth size in comparison to head, so large that it has to open its mouth so that the teeth are vertical to it can swallow him prey. When the mouth is closed, the teeth overlap the jaws.
Grab the tusks by piercing them with long teeth, swimming to them, with the first vertebra serving as a shock absorber. He can lower the skeleton of the gills, which allows him to swallow his whole prey. Your head measures approximately 2 cm and your teeth have this and more half of that measurement.

/Cookiecutter cigar shark (Isistius brasiliensis);
This non-smokable fish is characterized by a great voracity, ripping off circular pieces of meat from its larger victims. This behavior is at the origin of the common english name "cookiecutter", because its buccal structure allows it to be fixed on the host, then cutting a loaf of meat, a few centimeters in diameter, with recourse to a dentition adapted to this type of ectoparasitism.
It appears in regions of warm and deep waters of all the oceans, especially near islands. The species migrates vertically up to 3,000 m each day, approaching the surface at dusk and descending with the dawn. The dark collar, particularly when seen against the brightness of the surface, seems to imitate the silhouette of a small fish, serving as bait for larger fish, while the rest of the body, illuminated by ventral photophores, is confused with light incident on the surface.

/Anglerfish (Lophius piscatorius);
Is a species of toadfish existing in the northeast of the Atlantic. They have modified the bones of the dorsal fin in the form of a kind of bait to catch other fish and crustaceans. Theses fishers are dangerous for bathers and fishermen because of their poisonous spines.
Famous for being a fisherman he can camouflage himself in the darkness leaving only his bioluminescence attracting any other smaller fish. It lives most of its life in the deep sea but sometimes approaches the surface, mainly in the time of procreation.

/Dark swallower(Chiasmodon niger);
Known by the name big-swallower or dark-swallower, is a fish of the genus Chiasmodon of the family Chiasmodontidae, with the remarkable peculiarity of being able to capture and to swallow fish much larger than itself, deserving the name of great-swallower. This is due to his stomach, which can dilate and contain larger animals than itself.
Is found distributed in all waters of tropical and subtropical climate, in the mesopelágica zone and batipelágica zone in the depth of 700 to 2750 m. As indicated by its name, the dark swallower have dark color. It measures up to 25 cm and its elongated body lacks scales.

/Lightfish(Symbolophorus barnardi);
Is a fish that lives in salty and deep waters, being able to reach 1,500 meters of depth during the day, going to nearer the surface only at night. Your name derives from its ability to produce light, emitted by small organs called photophores.
This fish is on average 12 centimeters long. Usually live near the marine coast, depending on the species.They have an elongated body, a rather round head with large elliptical eyes, and very sharp teeth. The color of your skin varies according to depth, reaching brown and black. Zooplankton and krill are its main source of food.