/Patella Surgeonfish (Paracanthurus hepatus);
This one has the hard skin, composed by small scales of royal blue color in the back, yellow in the tail. Has one or more pairs of sharp blades at the base of the caudal fin, which are used in defense and attack situations. They grow until 31 centimeters. It lives in transparent waters, in zones of current, adjacent to the coral reef.
Are found along the Indo-Pacific. It can be seen on the reefs of East Africa, Hawaii, Japan, Samoa, New Caledonia, and the Great Barrier Reef. Juveniles and sub-adults live in clusters near the Pocillopora Eydouxi coral and when necessary hide themselves, squeezing between the coral branches.
They are omnivores, feeding mainly with plankton as young. When adults supplement this diet with seaweed. Procriation occurs between late afternoon and evening. At this point, the colors of the patella surgeon change from a uniform blue to a pale blue to the front and dark blue to the back.

/Moorish Idol (Zanclus cornutus);
Is a little fish, colorful and unique representative of the family Zanclidae. Its main habitats are reefs and lagoons of tropical subtropical areas of the Indo-Pacific.
Many people believe that this fish received this name from the Moors of Africa, who believed that the fish brought happiness. They can be found in East Africa, Hawaii, southern Japan, Micronesia. They are also found from the southern Gulf of California to Peru.
They are diurnal fish, hiding in the bottom of the reefs at night and adopting a matte coloration. Moorish Idols choose a lifelong partner. When young, they usually walk in small shoals.

/Clown Loach (Botia macracanthus);
This guy who can reach up to 30 cm in length is commonly found in shoals. Originally from Thailand, Malaysia and Java, has a diet consisting of snails, saline artemia, daphnia and tubifex.
Your main characteristic is the spines that are located just below the eyes. He is oviparous. Reproduction techniques are practically unknown since there is no sexual dimorphism, besides, information about their sexual maturity is rare.

/Clown fish (Amphiprion ocellaris);
This little fish has an average of 10 cm and lives on average 6 years, is more found in Indo-Pacific waters.
They are scientifically famous because of the ecological relationship of protocooperation that they establish with the sea anemones or, in some cases, with corals.
Anemones provide shelter for them, despite the urticating tentacles to which they are immune, because of the layer of mucus that covers them. At the base of these, they lay their eggs, ensuring the protection of their offspring.
In return, clownfish food remains are used by the anemone. An association that benefits both.

/Archerfish (Toxotes jaculatrix);
This sniper-style fish uses your aim to knock down prey, ejecting water at distances of 1.5 m. Also hunts insects that fly over water. Typical of mangroves, sometimes sheltered in rivers and streams, lies in Asia and Oceania, in countries such as Indonesia, Papua New Guinea and Australia.
The Archerfish spits a jet of water six times as much as his muscular strength to hunt. It takes advantage of water movement, so the force of the jets is due to the dynamics of water and not only of its organs. The first report of this behavior was in 1764.
The fish closes the gills to force the production of the jet, which is projected by the air, as a single large drop of water, which reaches the prey in such a way that it becomes your food. This technique allows him to reach an insect in a fraction of a second, even if it is two meters away.

/Angelfish Imperator (Pomacanthus imperator);
Adults are elongated with yellow and blue horizontal lines and the young are black with light blue and white curved stripes and their tail with black spots stained in blue, these changes are seen within approximately 3 years.
Can live more than 20 years and the changes in its coloration for adult happen when it reaches 10 centimeters in length.
The Angelfish Imperator is omnivorous, needs to eat variously, mussels, prawns and sea sponges, but also seaweed and spirulina.