/Whale Shark (Rhincodon typus);
This large but friendly inhabitant of the seas is a species of shark that is feed by filtration. The largest recorded individual had a length of 12.65 meters and a weight of about 21.5 tonnes. The whale shark is found in tropical oceanic open waters and is rarely seen in waters whose temperature is less than 21 degrees celsius.
Estimates suggest a lifespan of about 70 years, but the exact longevity of the whale shark is difficult to calculate. Him has a fairly large mouth, and feeds almost exclusively on plankton.
The species is considered endangered by IUCN due to the impacts of fishing, hurts by vessel and catches in fishing nets, this added to the slow reproduction, makes him extremely vulnerable. In 1998, the Philippines banned all fishing, selling, importing and exporting whale sharks, followed by India in May 2001 and subsequently Taiwan in May 2007.

/Mandarin Fish ((Synchiropus splendidus);
This "not-exactly chinese" fish, measures 6 to 10 centimeters in length. He lives hidden in cracks of coral reefs and feeds on small marine animals that pass near his hiding place.
Mandarin fish's vision is well developed, above the average of other fish, and their eyes are able to identify even the colors of the environment. At the slightest sign of danger, the mandarin fish bristle the long spines of the back making it appear larger than it really is.
Your name comes from the colors and designs of body that look a lot like the clothes worn by the mandarins in ancient China. He is most commonly found in the Pacific Ocean, but can also be found in the Indian Ocean and the Caribbean.

/Manta ray (Manta birostris);
This giant is part of the largest specie of rays. Is found in the tropical and subtropical regions of all oceans, typically near coral reefs. The manta has a lozenge-shaped body and a long tail without spine and can reach seven meters in wingspan and weigh up to 1,350kg.
They can live for up to 20 years. These fish do not have real teeth and feed on plankton and small fish and are therefore harmless. Occasionally, they may approach a boat or divers and may run short "flights" out of the water. They have the highest brain volume rate relative to that of the body of all sharks and rays.
During their migrations, the mantas conduct frequent dives to depths of almost two kilometers (among the largest ever measured for a marine animal), where water temperatures reach 3°C (37,4°F).

/Red Salmon (Oncrhynchus nerka);
The salmon of the Pacific Ocean returns from the sea to the fresh water to reproduce, almost always to the same river in which it was born. As the breeding season approaches, the male's head changes shape, lengthening and curving the lower hook-shaped jaw, and the flesh becomes whitish in color.
He is basically a white fish and the red pigment comes from the algae and unicellular organisms, which are ingested by the sea prawns. When the prawns are eaten by salmon, they also accumulate the pigment in their fatty tissues.
As the salmon diet is very varied, the natural salmon takes a huge variety of colors, from white or a soft pink to a bright red. Remains in fresh water in the first two or three years of life before going to sea. Where can support low temperatures in fresh or salt water.

/Seahorse (Hippocampus reidi);
He has characteristics similar to those of the chameleon, such as changing color and moving the eyes independently of one another. They swim with their bodies upright, swiftly moving their fins. Can be found in the following countries: Bahamas, Barbados, Belize, Bermuda, Brasil, Colombia, Cuba, Grenada, Haiti, Jamaica, Panama, USA and Venezuela.
Eats small mollusks, worms, crustaceans and plankton, which are sucked through their tubular snout. The hippocampus were fictitious beings of Greek mythology, sons of Poseidon. The upper part of his body was that of a horse with membranous mane and the lower part was of a dolphin.
The Hippocampus has worked to Poseidon mostly in espionage and patrol for their oceanic kingdom in search of troubles or errors, where they were also known as seahorse. In the marine environment, where he lives between the surface and the deep middle, close to marine plants, his life would be from 5 to 7 years.